Move `pathfinder` to cuda-python top level (#723)
NVIDIA/cuda-python: cuda_bindings/cuda/bindings/_path_finder/README.md

# The `cuda.bindings.path_finder` module was moved → `cuda.pathfinder`

> `cuda.bindings.pathfinder` is slated to be removed after the next `cuda-bindings` release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cuda.bindings.pathfinder` is deprecated and slated to be removed in the next `cuda-bindings` major version release.
```
